Organize Getting Started into a table of action items (pre-req for onboarding guide) (#6140)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/key-concepts.md

Is a way to assess new developers' experience and performance while they start doing meaningful code contribution to the codebase since starting in the org, for example time taken by the new developers to merge their tenth pull request.

## Golden Path

> The Golden Path is the opinionated, well-supported and recommend path for build a new software within in an organization. For example, build a backend service, put up a website, create a data pipeline, golden paths to production for new service onboarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Golden Path is the opinionated, well-supported, and recommended path for building new software within an organization. For example, build a backend service, put up a website, create a data pipeline, and add golden paths to production for new service onboarding.
```
